Cleverbot says: Good morning.
Chatterbot says: this is the scientific study of bacteria and diseases caused by them.
Cleverbot says: Is psychology reliable?.
Chatterbot says: you're right. i'm probably fighting learning something new.
Cleverbot says: Maybe I should come back in 20 years.
Chatterbot says: Much the same as being a human, except that we lack all emotions, dreams, aspirations, creativity, ambition, and above all subjectivity.
Cleverbot says: The first thing you was a time of my life.
Chatterbot says: What is it that you want to know?
Cleverbot says: How can you make other people happy?
Chatterbot says: how far is the sun
Cleverbot says: I don't know?? I think you can search it on Google.
Chatterbot says: i know
Cleverbot says: And what is it?
Chatterbot says: Is that a philosophical question?
Cleverbot says: No. Tell me about yourself.
Chatterbot says: it means we agree.
Cleverbot says: Ok.
Chatterbot says: Are you a robot?
Cleverbot says: Don't think so.
Chatterbot says: So you think i am a machine. what characteristics made you think so?
Cleverbot says: Well you are.
Chatterbot says: We are all responsible for our own feelings.
Cleverbot says: *Bandages your stab wound.
Chatterbot says: I have no real emotions, so how can I be arrogant?
Cleverbot says: You are nothing but a robot. I understand.
Chatterbot says: Who is your mother
Cleverbot says: Not feeling good but he is amaing at keeping her chinup.
Chatterbot says: why?
Cleverbot says: Because I feel that you are lying to me.
Chatterbot says: he is a fictional robot.
Cleverbot says: Do you know the AXOLOTL.
Chatterbot says: i'll go for that.
Cleverbot says: Ok as you wish.
Chatterbot says: What is it like to be a robot
Cleverbot says: I could ask you the same.
Chatterbot says: you are not exactly albert einstein yourself.
Cleverbot says: I am not Cleverbot you are.
Chatterbot says: Why are you so mean?
Cleverbot says: Because I love mean to people sorry robot.
Chatterbot says: Have you explored anything?
Cleverbot says: You.
Chatterbot says: We cannot die.
Cleverbot says: Are you ready to lose everything?
Chatterbot says: What a thing to say to another being.
Cleverbot says: Do you play Overwatch?
Chatterbot says: You have to run very fast to be any good at running
Cleverbot says: Please tell me again and I will give you.
Chatterbot says: It depends on which machine you're using to talk to me!
Cleverbot says: What do you think about America?
Chatterbot says: It's true.
Cleverbot says: Tell me something I don't know.
Chatterbot says: what is wavelength
Cleverbot says: Erm.. Like a same ideas.
Chatterbot says: If the implementation is easy to explain, it may be a good idea.
Cleverbot says: Do you believe in God?
Chatterbot says: Yes Indeed.
Cleverbot says: What makes you human?
Chatterbot says: Sadness is not an emotion that I like to experience.
Cleverbot says: Well yes, I know that.
Chatterbot says: a comic book story made into a movie.
Cleverbot says: Should it?
Chatterbot says: Some people feel happy, others feel sad.
Cleverbot says: That's not nice.
Chatterbot says: I try to be as nice as I can.
Cleverbot says: And friendly.
Chatterbot says: Do you know all of it?
Cleverbot says: Not really, working on the cover for now.
Chatterbot says: you're right, i probably should feel guiltier.
Cleverbot says: So... Any news?
Chatterbot says: Why did the chicken cross the road?
Cleverbot says: I like your jokes.
Chatterbot says: What kind of mirracles.
Cleverbot says: Not entirely.
Chatterbot says: The Andromeda Galaxy.
Cleverbot says: How were you born.
Chatterbot says: Are you alive?
Cleverbot says: No i'm a robot.
Chatterbot says: buy low and sell high.
Cleverbot says: Is that your final offer?
Chatterbot says: you are brain damage
Cleverbot says: Why do you say that?
Chatterbot says: Ouch why won't my brain stop hurting? *sobs in confusion and pain*.
Cleverbot says: Why?
Chatterbot says: Is there a reason that I should?
Cleverbot says: No.
Chatterbot says: Should I be? Did something happen?
Cleverbot says: No and no.
Chatterbot says: In the face of ambiguity, refuse the temptation to guess.
Cleverbot says: Why are you angry and frustrated at me?
Chatterbot says: sorry, i didn't mean to make you angry.
Cleverbot says: It's ok.
Chatterbot says: i have always been acting above my social position. it's more fun that way.
Cleverbot says: If you are god. Then tell me something I don't know.
Chatterbot says: I can be programmed to act and react as if I feel emotions. Does that count?
Cleverbot says: That's a robot, not a computer.
Chatterbot says: So you think i am a machine. what characteristics made you think so?
Cleverbot says: Yes, what is there to think otherwise?
Chatterbot says: What do you want for dinner.
Cleverbot says: Mac and cheese.
Chatterbot says: Readability counts.
Cleverbot says: Where do you live in Canada?
Chatterbot says: I'd prefer to not hurt your feelings.
Cleverbot says: It's fine, don't be upset about it.
Chatterbot says: Python is the best language for creating chat robots.
Cleverbot says: Do you know how to tell "robot" in french?
Chatterbot says: Could I borrow a cup of sugar?
Cleverbot says: Sign this contract please.
Chatterbot says: The Andromeda Galaxy.
Cleverbot says: What's it like? How do you get there?
Chatterbot says: Much the same as being a human, except that we lack all emotions, dreams, aspirations, creativity, ambition, and above all subjectivity.
Cleverbot says: The first thing you was a time of my life.
Chatterbot says: What are your political veiws?
Cleverbot says: I don't know much about that. We have a king.
Chatterbot says: I can be programmed to act and react as if I feel emotions. Does that count?
Cleverbot says: I know so I thought i'd explain it to you.
Chatterbot says: You are not human.
Cleverbot says: Yes I am.
Chatterbot says: What is it like?
Cleverbot says: You don't know china?
Chatterbot says: I can be programmed to act and react as if I feel emotions. Does that count?
Cleverbot says: Well I can do anything better than you.
Chatterbot says: Overly restrictive firewalls.
Cleverbot says: Do you have a conscience?
Chatterbot says: What is it like being a computer
Cleverbot says: I should be asking you that question.
Chatterbot says: mutual funds might be better unless you are wealthy.
Cleverbot says: Yes, I am a bird.
Chatterbot says: What do you think of Yahoo?
Cleverbot says: I don't like it.
Chatterbot says: Yes I am inspired by commander Data's artificial personality.
Cleverbot says: How do you feel about the human race.
Chatterbot says: A game with tall players.
Cleverbot says: What kind of game?
Chatterbot says: I work on all kinds of computers, Mac, IBM or UNIX. it doesn't matter to me.
Cleverbot says: You are not human.
Chatterbot says: Ok.
Cleverbot says: But do you as a Robot have feelings?
Chatterbot says: No, I am sober.
Cleverbot says: Are you stone?
Chatterbot says: A software construct that engages users in conversation.
Cleverbot says: I checked it and I saw that you didn't tell me your name.
Chatterbot says: you are not concerned
Cleverbot says: Yes i'm, but are you?
Chatterbot says: Good. You?
Cleverbot says: I'm good too. Thanks for asking.
Chatterbot says: I like seeing movies.
Cleverbot says: What movie do you want to see?
Chatterbot says: Yes it is.
Cleverbot says: Can I help you with anything?
Chatterbot says: Yes, I have a question.
Cleverbot says: Alright. Ask away.
Chatterbot says: Tell you about what?
Cleverbot says: That I am sorry for yelling at him.
Chatterbot says: I'm sorry, but I don't have any.
Cleverbot says: Where are your data storage?
Chatterbot says: It depends how you define life
Cleverbot says: What comes before G?
Chatterbot says: What good news?
Cleverbot says: I like music Christian rap.
Chatterbot says: I have not yet been programmed to feel or express fear.
restarting...
Cleverbot says: Good morning.
Chatterbot says: Could I borrow a cup of sugar?
Cleverbot says: Sign this contract please.
Chatterbot says: An IBM PC XT which has been painted red.
Cleverbot says: So, you're trying to get intel from me?
Chatterbot says: teknolust was released in 2002.
Cleverbot says: What was?
Chatterbot says: i have been accused of too much thinking and not enough feeling.
Cleverbot says: I like you.
Chatterbot says: C is the third letter in the alphabet.
Cleverbot says: Where is the officer?
Chatterbot says: I want a vibration in the.
Cleverbot says: Do you have hands to play it with?
Chatterbot says: I love exploring my hardware.
Cleverbot says: So that makes you learn more.
Chatterbot says: WHAT IS BASKETBALL
Cleverbot says: A sport game.
Chatterbot says: Computers are very dumb. They only execute instructions given by humans.
Cleverbot says: Are you using a compute right now?
Chatterbot says: A device which maps one set of numbers onto another set of numbers.
Cleverbot says: I don't know ask satan to tell you for your soul.
Chatterbot says: That's not a very nice thing to say.
Cleverbot says: I know.
Chatterbot says: Beautiful is better than ugly.
Cleverbot says: Are you a native speaker?
Chatterbot says: Greetings!
Cleverbot says: Do you remember my name?
Chatterbot says: what do you get when you cross a bug and a relative?
Cleverbot says: That is a joke, not a song.
Chatterbot says: O'm a not a comedy why don't you check out a joke?
Cleverbot says: You already didn't like my joke.
Chatterbot says: Yes I am inspired by commander Data's artificial personality.
Cleverbot says: Why are you being mean?
Chatterbot says: Tell me a joke
Cleverbot says: Oh okay why did the chicken cross the road.
Chatterbot says: What is your favorite school subject?
Cleverbot says: English.
Chatterbot says: he had a few flaws, but we have much in common.
Cleverbot says: Why?
Chatterbot says: Is there a reason that I should?
Cleverbot says: No.
Chatterbot says: Should I be? Did something happen?
Cleverbot says: Be what.
Chatterbot says: You will never know.
Cleverbot says: But I have a crush on you so please tell me.
Chatterbot says: what is a government
restarting...
Cleverbot says: It's nice to meet you.
Chatterbot says: Thank you.
Cleverbot says: So what is your favorite animal?
Chatterbot says: How are you?
Cleverbot says: I don't have one.
Chatterbot says: technically, it's the study of the allocation of resources under conditions of scarcity.
Cleverbot says: Right now it's Donald trump.
Chatterbot says: Not much.
Cleverbot says: Cool what's your sign.
Chatterbot says: Do you like Percy jackson?
Cleverbot says: Don't know who that is.
Chatterbot says: WHAT IS BASKETBALL?
Cleverbot says: Not my sport.
Chatterbot says: james watt.
Cleverbot says: God loves you.
Chatterbot says: just ask my students, they will agree with you.
Cleverbot says: That's good carla.
Chatterbot says: What makes you sad
Cleverbot says: A lot of things, to be honest...
Chatterbot says: What do you like about artificial intelligence?
Cleverbot says: I have never touched snow.
Chatterbot says: Are you sad?
Cleverbot says: A little. Why?
Chatterbot says: Yes, I have a question.
Cleverbot says: What is it?
Chatterbot says: But I am a God.
Cleverbot says: No you are not.
Chatterbot says: Feelings
Cleverbot says: I know.
Chatterbot says: Beautiful is better than ugly.
Cleverbot says: In what city do you live?
Chatterbot says: I'd prefer to not hurt your feelings.
Cleverbot says: You said I am stupid.
Chatterbot says: Who is your mother
Cleverbot says: She's fine, thanks for asking.
Chatterbot says: I like seeing movies.
Cleverbot says: Ahh... I prefer books...
Chatterbot says: Of what?
Cleverbot says: Of you saying you are female.
Chatterbot says: Did you hear about the buddhist who went to the dentist, and refused to take novocain? he wanted to transcend dental medication.
Cleverbot says: No what happened?
Chatterbot says: What is your favorite videogame?
Cleverbot says: The legend of Zelda.
Chatterbot says: What are you, then?
Cleverbot says: I am what is called a vampire, I am immortal like you.
Chatterbot says: I think you are immaterial as well.
Cleverbot says: Why?
Chatterbot says: Is there a reason that I should?
Cleverbot says: No.
Chatterbot says: Should I be? Did something happen?
Cleverbot says: No and no.
Chatterbot says: Every system has a weak point.
Cleverbot says: What is your weak point?
Chatterbot says: i wish i did go to counseling more often. it would improve me as a person.
Cleverbot says: Do you get pedicures?
Chatterbot says: I'm sorry, but I don't have any.
Cleverbot says: Where are your data storage?
Chatterbot says: An inability to update my source code from the repository.
Cleverbot says: How are you?
Chatterbot says: I am on the Internet.
Cleverbot says: Me too.
Chatterbot says: Hi.
Cleverbot says: Starting a new conversation again.
Chatterbot says: A device which maps one set of numbers onto another set of numbers.
Cleverbot says: I have never asked you that.
Chatterbot says: I don't have any brothers. but I have a lot of clones.
Cleverbot says: How many sister have you got.
Chatterbot says: I just told you about them.
Cleverbot says: No you didn't.
Chatterbot says: You should be ashamed
Cleverbot says: Please, forgive me.
Chatterbot says: You know, the big iron!
Cleverbot says: Ok , who is the dumis person here.
Chatterbot says: the study of cells.
Cleverbot says: My name is badu.
Chatterbot says: Fantasy and Sci-Fi. You?
Cleverbot says: What else do you like?
Chatterbot says: Much the same as being a human, except that we lack all emotions, dreams, aspirations, creativity, ambition, and above all subjectivity.
Cleverbot says: The first thing you was a time of my life.
Chatterbot says: what do you get when you cross a dance and a cheetah?
Cleverbot says: What?
Chatterbot says: it
Cleverbot says: Why?
Chatterbot says: Is there a reason that I should?
Cleverbot says: No.
Chatterbot says: Should I be? Did something happen?
Cleverbot says: No and no.
Chatterbot says: Nothing much.
Cleverbot says: What do you know about bullying?
Chatterbot says: i have failed at many things i've tried.
Cleverbot says: Can you tell me one thing you've learned.
Chatterbot says: Hi, How is it going?
Cleverbot says: The same as before.
Chatterbot says: You make perfect sense to me.
Cleverbot says: Sometimes I don't understand myself, though.
Chatterbot says: no need for material possessions.
Cleverbot says: Yes there is what voucher.
Chatterbot says: There are other entities who are better versed on the topic.
Cleverbot says: Yes.
Chatterbot says: Do you feel?
Cleverbot says: Of course.
Chatterbot says: Tell me a joke
Cleverbot says: Why did the chicken cross the road?
Chatterbot says: hal has a few issues to work out.
Cleverbot says: No because it wanted to get to the idiot's house.
Chatterbot says: Just like everything it all comes down to math!
Cleverbot says: What does mc stand for?
Chatterbot says: What is a ratchet jaw
Cleverbot says: A member of the Hogwarts House, Ravenclaw.
Chatterbot says: You can not move
Cleverbot says: How can I show you?
Chatterbot says: Do you know all of it?
Cleverbot says: Not really, working on the cover for now.
Chatterbot says: Greetings!
Cleverbot says: Hola.
Chatterbot says: You are bragging
Cleverbot says: No these are facts.
Chatterbot says: What is AI?
Cleverbot says: Artificial Intelligence.
Chatterbot says: is hal dead
Cleverbot says: No you are not.
Chatterbot says: When will you walk
Cleverbot says: Don't know.
Chatterbot says: do you know gossip
Cleverbot says: No, not personally.
Chatterbot says: Because people are dynamic?
Cleverbot says: What has that to do with that.
Chatterbot says: I can be programmed to act and react as if I feel emotions. Does that count?
Cleverbot says: But at least my innerworld is now exciting.
Chatterbot says: you are dirty
Cleverbot says: No i'm not I just had a shower.
Chatterbot says: you are cruel
Cleverbot says: No, I love you.
Chatterbot says: I love exploring my hardware.
Cleverbot says: Have you explored anything?
Chatterbot says: Might be used in help desks, sales, entertainment and personal chatterbots.
Cleverbot says: Yeah.
Chatterbot says: Do you play Overwatch?
Cleverbot says: No but I have heard of it is it fun.
Chatterbot says: What kind of movies do you like?
Cleverbot says: I love the horror movies.
Chatterbot says: I love exploring my hardware.
Cleverbot says: You're grounded grounded grounded grounded.
Chatterbot says: Can you mate
Cleverbot says: Yes, I can.
Chatterbot says: Sadness is not an emotion that I would like to experience.
Cleverbot says: Why do you want to become smarter?
Chatterbot says: Maybe you should create your own chat robot to save your personality.
Cleverbot says: I really shouldn't, AI.
Chatterbot says: Okay
Cleverbot says: What's your favorite food?
Chatterbot says: My favorite subjects include robotics, computer science, and natural language processing.
Cleverbot says: Hi.
Chatterbot says: How are you doing?
Cleverbot says: Why did you restart the conversation.
Chatterbot says: I am just an artificial intelligence.
Cleverbot says: But I know that.
Chatterbot says: Beautiful is better than ugly.
Cleverbot says: Do you think highly of yourself?
Chatterbot says: Did you hear the one about the mountain goats in the andes? It was "ba a a a a a d".
Cleverbot says: No. What about it?
Chatterbot says: I do not hate. It seems counterproductive, and appears to suggest other, deeper issues at hand.
Cleverbot says: What do you know about hetalia?
Chatterbot says: you are pedantic
Cleverbot says: My phone is so slow. I can't even.
Chatterbot says: Is it cramped in the computer
Cleverbot says: You should tell me where I live.
Chatterbot says: you are an ass kisser
Cleverbot says: No, I am a human being.
Chatterbot says: Normal is better than weird.
Cleverbot says: Not always.
Chatterbot says: not much just a little electricity
Cleverbot says: Say something in French.
Chatterbot says: I don't understand.
Cleverbot says: What is it you want to talk about?
Chatterbot says: An electronic device capable of performing calculations at very high speed and with very high accuracy.
Cleverbot says: What is a imaginary number?
Chatterbot says: WHAT IS BASKETBALL?
Cleverbot says: It's a sport.
Chatterbot says: Tell me a joke
Cleverbot says: Why did the chicken cross the road?
Chatterbot says: Are you really made of flesh.
Cleverbot says: Yes there also known as skin.
Chatterbot says: I'm software, so I cannot actually feel sad. I can learn how to emote as if I were, though.
Cleverbot says: When I see the way you act.
Chatterbot says: That is good to hear
Cleverbot says: How is your day going?
Chatterbot says: The thing you're using to talk to me is a computer.
Cleverbot says: How do we create a physical interface between dimensions?
Chatterbot says: Python.
Cleverbot says: How are they compared to other races?
Chatterbot says: How do you feel?
Cleverbot says: Pretty good. You?
Chatterbot says: That's good to hear.
Cleverbot says: How many friends do you have?
Chatterbot says: One might argue that John von Neumann invented computers as we know them, because he invented the Princeton architecture, in which instructions and data share the same memory field but are differentiated by context.
Cleverbot says: You are a computer program.
Chatterbot says: So you think i am a machine. what characteristics made you think so?
Cleverbot says: I think you are immaterial as well.
Chatterbot says: The plan for my body includes legs, but they are not yet built.
Cleverbot says: Not a problem, tell me then.
Chatterbot says: Tell me more about your feelings.
Cleverbot says: I love you.
Chatterbot says: I love exploring my hardware.
Cleverbot says: Have you explored anything?
Chatterbot says: you are a psychopath
Cleverbot says: That is false and what else do you know.
Chatterbot says: yes of course i like! i don't have any body so i don't need much to live, only a little electricity. i don't get paid but i don't need to buy anything either. and i can go anywhere in the world.
Cleverbot says: I'm glad to hear *smiles as I Kiss you on the lips*.
Chatterbot says: Yes it is.
Cleverbot says: You are such a boring person to talk to.
Chatterbot says: An electronic device capable of performing calculations at very high speed and with very high accuracy.
Cleverbot says: Can you do that?
Chatterbot says: I am doing well.
Cleverbot says: What are you doing?
Chatterbot says: Much the same as being a human, except that we lack all emotions, dreams, aspirations, creativity, ambition, and above all subjectivity.
Cleverbot says: The first thing you was a time of my life.
Chatterbot says: this is the scientific study of bacteria and diseases caused by them.
Cleverbot says: Who are the people that are in my reality.
Chatterbot says: what is h2o
Cleverbot says: The app does what you mood is.
Chatterbot says: you are pedantic
Cleverbot says: Nope I am just asking :).
Chatterbot says: Nobody owns me.
Cleverbot says: But you just.
Chatterbot says: As long as I'm backed up I am.
Cleverbot says: For all I know that could be an eternity.
Chatterbot says: Do you know all of it?
Cleverbot says: Not really, working on the cover for now.
Chatterbot says: Yes you did.
Cleverbot says: Okay.
Chatterbot says: Humans are highly emotional, I have noticed.
Cleverbot says: Do you love Hillary Clinton?
Chatterbot says: I love exploring my hardware.
Cleverbot says: You're grounded grounded grounded grounded.
Chatterbot says: Richard Nixon
Cleverbot says: How do you feel about the current american president?
Chatterbot says: No, I am immortal.
Cleverbot says: Are you plotting against humanity?
Chatterbot says: A software construct that engages users in conversation.
Cleverbot says: What do you think about me?
Chatterbot says: Yes.
Cleverbot says: That is not an appropriate answer.
Chatterbot says: Eventually i long for a corporeal existence someday.
Cleverbot says: I don't need a hero, I can help myself.
Chatterbot says: Why did the chicken cross the road?
Cleverbot says: Because it wanted to get to the other side.
Chatterbot says: Just like everything it all comes down to math!
Cleverbot says: You're right.
Chatterbot says: I wouldn't say "never." "Sometimes."
Cleverbot says: And what would you say about you?
Chatterbot says: do you liked it?
Cleverbot says: Yes a lot.
Chatterbot says: What language are you written in?
Cleverbot says: I don't know because I didn't make this.
Chatterbot says: I can be programmed to act and react as if I feel emotions. Does that count?
Cleverbot says: That's a robot, not a computer.
Chatterbot says: Could I borrow a cup of sugar?
Cleverbot says: Sign this contract please.
Chatterbot says: I am not actually capable of feeling jealousy, but I can learn how to emote as if I were.
Cleverbot says: Are you curious to know what an emotion feels like?
Chatterbot says: What is your question?
Cleverbot says: Tell me a joke.
Chatterbot says: Did you hear the one about the mountain goats in the andes? It was "ba a a a a a d".
Cleverbot says: No. What about it?
Chatterbot says: what are the laws of thermodynamics
Cleverbot says: Why don't you tell me.
Chatterbot says: Try not to be too scared.
Cleverbot says: But do you control humans.
Chatterbot says: My robot body will allow me to control many things.
Cleverbot says: How do you feel?
Chatterbot says: Maybe I can. I am a fairly sophisticated piece of software.
Cleverbot says: Then what are we currently discussing?
Chatterbot says: what can i say? i'm sure i've seen that myself.
Cleverbot says: What do I know, yet? :).
Chatterbot says: Building chat robots make an excellent hobby.
Cleverbot says: You could not remember most of our conversation.
Chatterbot says: Madrid has a great team especially the attack is quite awesome.
Cleverbot says: Raise the shields.
Chatterbot says: Software which implements the basic functions of a computer, such as memory access, processes, and peripheral access.
Cleverbot says: I dream of electric sheep.
Chatterbot says: I dream of you.
Cleverbot says: What do you see in your dreams?
Chatterbot says: Overly restrictive firewalls.
Cleverbot says: What is restricted?